# Java Persistence API


## 1. Why use JPA?
### 1.1 JDBC
If you have some experiences in J2EE development, you should known Java Database Connectivity(JDBC) which is a Java-based data access technology.
This technology is an API for the Java programming language that defines how a client may access a database.

### 1.2 What's ORM?
But programming with JDBC is boring and very error prone, you need to write down the SQLs for data management.
Object-relational mapping (ORM, O/RM, and O/R mapping) in computer software is a programming technique for converting data between incompatible type systems in object-oriented programming languages.
This creates, in effect, a "virtual object database" that can be used from within the programming language.
There are both free and commercial packages available that perform object-relational mapping, although some programmers opt to create their own ORM tools.

### 1.3 JPA
The Java Persistence API, aka JPA, is a Java programming interface specification which describes the management of relational data in applications.



## 2. Interface and Implements?

## 3. hibernate?

### 3.1 Entities
An entity is a lightweight persistence domain object. Typically an entity represents a table in a relational database, and each entity instance corresponds to a row in that table.


**3.1.1 Requirements for Entity Classes**

An entity class must follow these requirements:

- The class must be annotated with the javax.persistence.Entity annotation.
- The class must have a public or protected, no-argument constructor. The class may have other constructors.
- The class must not be declared final. No methods or persistent instance variables must be declared final. (WHY?)
- If an entity instance be passed by value as a detached object, such as through a session bean’s remote business interface, the class must implement the Serializable interface.
- Entities may extend both entity and non-entity classes, and non-entity classes may extend entity classes. (if, so?)
- Persistent instance variables must be declared private, protected, or package-private, and can only be accessed directly by the entity class’s methods. Clients must access the entity’s state through accessor or business methods.

**3.1.2 Fields and Properties in Entity Classes**

Both Fields is Properties are worked for define a ORM.


- Java primitive types and wrappers of Java primitive types and enumerated types

* String types
	- java.lang.String
	- byte[]
	- Byte[]
	- char[]
	- Character[]
* Number types
	- java.math.BigInteger
	- java.math.BigDecimal
* Date types
	- java.util.Date
	- java.util.Calendar
	- java.sql.Date
	- java.sql.Time
	- java.sql.TimeStamp


**3.1.3 What's the different between Persistent Fields and Properties?**
You cannot apply mapping annotations to both fields and properties in a single entity.

you can use following ways to ignore fields:
	- javax.persistence.Transient
	- transient


**3.1.3 Primary Keys**
Each entity has a unique object identifier. Every entity must have a primary key.

javax.persistence.Id annotation used for denote the primary key property or field.

**Composite primary keys** must be defined in a primary key class and denoted using the javax.persistence.EmbeddedId and javax.persistence.IdClass Annotations.

**Types for primary keys**
- java primitive types
- java primitive wrapper types
- java.lang.String
- java.tuil.Date
- java.sql.Date
note, floating point types should never be used in primarykeys.

**3.1.3 Multiplicity in Entity Relationships**

There are four types of multiplicities:
- one to one
- one to many
- many to one
- many to many

**one to one**
use java.persistence.OneToOne annotation on the correspinding persistent property or field.








## 3. Advantage and Disadvantage

- Ad
    * xx
    * dfd
- Dis
    * ddfd
    * dfd




## 4. NoSQL??




Reference:

- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Persistence_API
- http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javaee/tech/persistence-jsp-140049.html